possible leaked photos of iOS 7 emerged
a ton of tablets have been released
during today and Stephen Elop says that
there's more to see in 2013 I'm hi Mary
better dressed in blue with a no collar
and ya know red cape but this is
out daily you know there are so many
product announcements today that if I
took the time to name them all the show
would pretty much be over but I mean arm
announced the new processor samsung
announced a new tablet the sous
announced like 20 more tablets including
a new transformer pad infinity so links
in the description for each and every
one of these products there are a ton so
stay tuned this is going to be a good
year in tablets let's just hope they
sell that was move over to verizon nhcc
as i know many of you are still waiting
for the HTC one to finally reach big red
and it still hasn't happened then
according to the carrier it'll happen
but around late summer not necessarily
any time close to right now because late
summer could be august early September's
so it's kind of unfortunate considering
that Eva and Berlin happens in September
so we're pretty much gonna be getting an
HTC One on verizon by the time the
galaxy note 3 is announced and if you
thought we were kidding we are not Ethan
Berlin happens on the first week of
September and we've already got leaked
documents confirming that the Galaxy
Note 3 will be one of the phones that
will see there and if you consider it i
mean September you'll most likely be
getting this phone by the fall will
definitely be in Berlin covering
everything as it happens so far we still
don't have any specs I mean everything's
been confused with that galaxy mega
phone or phones that really sucked i
mean it's really confusing right now to
make out the specs of this phone just
stay tuned we'll definitely keep you
posted on every new leak that comes up
for the galaxy note 3 now let's move
over to nokia those of you that were
worried that Stephen Elop is probably
not going to continue in the company
because he didn't show up for the Nokia
Lumia 925 announcement in London well he
is still in the company and he just
confirmed that we've got a lot more to
see being announced in the rest of the
year and that does include Aoife in
Berlin and think about it I mean a TNT
has already been rumored to be working
with nokia on their heels project on an
elvis codename smartphone so we come
from catwalk now we get Elvis what's
next Forrest Gump stay tuned
obviously this could happen next coming
weeks and finally for the well I'm gonna
call these interesting news of the day
we've got some leaked screenshots of
screenshots of iOS 7 apparently and well
I'll be honest with you I mean looking
at what we're able to see here oh I see
are the same icons without a border the
same UI just about pretty much
everything as it is only with a little
less charm so we've also got rumors of I
radio making it to WWDC which I honestly
don't expect because we do have the
music event for Apple happening in the
fall but anyways that leads me to the
question of the day would you choose to
continue with iOS of iOS 7 is pretty
much the same thing with a new couple of
icons but it's pretty much the same UI
or will you consider buying iOS if it
just retain the same UI in my case I'll
be honest with you I mean it's been five
years almost six years already I do want
something different something better and
honestly well lipstick on a pig is not
gonna cut it so leave us a comment down
below what are you expecting of course
it's always for another scoop of
everything that's happening in the
smartphone and tablet roll make sure you
follow us on pocketnow.com subscribe to
our YouTube channel as well you'd also
follow me on Twitter and Jaime
underscore iveta please give this video
a thumbs up if you liked what you saw i
am home in ravenna thank you very much
for watching we will see tomorrow